Refactor of caching for DataSources (#405)
projectcaluma/caluma: README.md

### Properties

> * `info`: Descriptive text for the data source (can also be a multilingual dict)

Reviewer: Why is this removed? As far as I can see, `timeout` is still supported?

Author: `timeout` is now set in the decorator and not as a property of the DataSource class anymore.

I did not mention the timeout arg in the README because I think in the context of a caching decorator, the word "timeout" pretty much says it all.

Reviewer: Alright :+1:

For the label, it's possible to use a dict with translated values.

### `data_source_cache` decorator
This decorator allows for caching the data based on the DataSource name.

Django's cache framework is used, so you can also implement your own caching logic. When

> doing so it's, advisable to use the `data_source_` prefix for the key in order to avoid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
doing so, it is advisable to use the `data_source_` prefix for the key in order to avoid
```
